chore(docs): adding example with transactions, envs and output (#1958)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/live-examples/opentelemetry-store/use-cases/user-purchasing-products.md

> # OpenTelemetry Store - User purchasing products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OpenTelemetry Store - User Purchasing Products
```

So I can have it shipped to my home
```

Something interesting about this process is that it is a composition of many of the previous use cases, executed in sequence:
1. [Get Recommended Products](./get-recommended-products.md)
2. [Add Item into Shopping Cart](./add-item-into-shopping-cart.md)
3. [Check Shopping Cart Contents](./check-shopping-cart-contents.md)
4. [Checkout](./checkout.md)

So in this case, we need to trigger four tests in sequence to achieve test the entire scenario and make these tests share data.

## Building a Transaction for This Scenario

Using Tracetest, we can do that by [creating a test](../../../web-ui/creating-tests.md) for each step and later grouping these tests as [transactions](../../../web-ui/creating-transactions.md) that have an [environment](../../../concepts/environments.md)](../../../concepts/environments.md).
 
We can do that by creating the tests and transactions through the Web UI or using the CLI. In this example, we will use the CLI to create an environment and then create the transaction with all tests needed. The [assertions](../../../concepts/assertions.md) that we will check are the same for every single test.

> ### Mapping environment variables 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mapping Environment Variables 
```

> The first thing that we need to think about is to map what variables are needed in this process. At first glance, we can think of vars to the API address and the user ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing that we need to think about is to map the variables are needed in this process. At first glance, we can think of vars to the API address and the user ID:
```

With these variables, we can create the following definition file as saving as `user-buying-products.env`:

```sh
OTEL_API_URL=http://otel-shop-demo-frontend:8080/api
USER_ID=2491f868-88f1-4345-8836-d5d8511a9f83
```

> ### Creating tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating Tests
```

> After having the environment file, we will create a test for each step, starting with [Get Recommended Products](./get-recommended-products.md), which will be saved as `get-recommended-products.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the environment file, we will create a test for each step, starting with [Get Recommended Products](./get-recommended-products.md), which will be saved as `get-recommended-products.yaml`:
```

```yaml
type: Test
spec:
  name: Get recommended products
  trigger:
    type: http
    httpRequest:
      url: ${env:OTEL_API_URL}/recommendations?productIds=&sessionId=${env:USER_ID}&currencyCode=
      method: GET
      headers:
      - key: Content-Type
        value: application/json
  specs:
  - selector: span[tracetest.span.type="rpc" name="grpc.hipstershop.ProductCatalogService/GetProduct" rpc.system="grpc" rpc.method="GetProduct" rpc.service="hipstershop.ProductCatalogService"]
    assertions: # It should have 4 products on this list.
    - attr:tracetest.selected_spans.count = 4
  - selector: span[tracetest.span.type="rpc" name="/hipstershop.FeatureFlagService/GetFlag" rpc.system="grpc" rpc.method="GetFlag" rpc.service="hipstershop.FeatureFlagService"]
    assertions: # The feature flagger should be called for one product.
    - attr:tracetest.selected_spans.count = 1
  outputs:
  - name: PRODUCT_ID
    selector: span[tracetest.span.type="general" name="Tracetest trigger"]
    value: attr:tracetest.response.body | json_path '$[0].id'
```

> Note that we have one important changes here: we are now using environment variables on the definition, like `${env:OTEL_API_URL}` and `${env:USER_ID}` on trigger section and an output to fetch the first `${env:PRODUCT_ID}` that the user chose. This new environment variable will be used on the next tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we have one important changes here: we are now using environment variables on the definition, like `${env:OTEL_API_URL}` and `${env:USER_ID}` on the trigger section and an output to fetch the first `${env:PRODUCT_ID}` that the user chose. This new environment variable will be used in the next tests.
```

> The next step is to define [Add Item into Shopping Cart](./add-item-into-shopping-cart.md) test, which will be saved as `add-product-into-shopping-cart.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to define the [Add Item into Shopping Cart](./add-item-into-shopping-cart.md) test, which will be saved as `add-product-into-shopping-cart.yaml`:
```

      rpc.system="grpc" rpc.method="PlaceOrder" rpc.service="hipstershop.CheckoutService"]
    assertions: 
    # An order was placed.
    - attr:app.user.id = "${env:USER_ID}"
    - attr:app.order.items.count = 1
  - selector: span[tracetest.span.type="rpc" name="hipstershop.PaymentService/Charge" rpc.system="grpc" rpc.method="Charge" rpc.service="hipstershop.PaymentService"]
    assertions: 
    # The user was charged.
    - attr:rpc.grpc.status_code  =  0
    - attr:tracetest.selected_spans.count >= 1
  - selector: span[tracetest.span.type="rpc" name="hipstershop.ShippingService/ShipOrder" rpc.system="grpc" rpc.method="ShipOrder" rpc.service="hipstershop.ShippingService"]
    assertions: 
    # The product was shipped.
    - attr:rpc.grpc.status_code = 0
    - attr:tracetest.selected_spans.count >= 1
  - selector: span[tracetest.span.type="rpc" name="hipstershop.CartService/EmptyCart"
      rpc.system="grpc" rpc.method="EmptyCart" rpc.service="hipstershop.CartService"]
    assertions: 
    # The shopping cart was emptied.
    - attr:rpc.grpc.status_code = 0
    - attr:tracetest.selected_spans.count >= 1
```

> ### Creating transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating the Transaction
```

> Now we wrap these files and create a transaction that will run these tests in sequence and will fail in case of any test failing. We will call it `transaction.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we wrap these files and create a transaction that will run these tests in sequence and will fail if any of the tests fail. We will call it `transaction.yaml`:
```

```yml
type: Transaction
spec:
  name: User purchasing products
  description: Simulate a process of a user purchasing products on Astronomy store
  steps:
  - ./get-recommended-products.yaml
  - ./add-product-into-shopping-cart.yaml
  - ./check-shopping-cart-contents.yaml
  - ./checkout.yaml
```

> By having test, transaction and environment files in the same directory, now we can call the CLI and execute this transaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By having the test, transaction and environment files in the same directory, we can call the CLI and execute this transaction:
```
